Added boa projects and app,infra pipeline projects (#8)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-example-foundation-app: app-foundation/4-projects/README.md

# 4-projects

> The purpose of this step is to set up a folder structure, projects, and infrastructure and application pipelines, which are connected as service projects to deploy a modern application called The Bank of Anthos. These projects are created with Cloud Build triggers, CSRs for application infrastructure code, GCS buckets for state storage and follows the same [conventions](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation#branching-strategy) as the foundation pipeline deployed in [0-bootstrap](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/0-bootstrap/README.md). The cloudbuild SA used by this pipeline can impersonate the project SA by enabling the `enable_cloudbuild_deploy` flag and necessary roles can be granted to this SA via `sa_roles`. This pipeline can be utilized for deploying resources in projects across development/non-production/production with granular permissions.

Reviewer: We can refer to example-foundation 4-projects for more info on pipelines.
```suggestion
The purpose of this step is to set up a folder structure, projects, and infrastructure and application pipelines, which are connected as service projects to deploy an example application called Bank of Anthos.
```

## Prerequisites

1. [0-bootstrap](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/0-bootstrap/README.md) executed successfully.
1. [1-org](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/1-org/README.md) executed successfully.
1. [2-environments](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/2-environments/README.md) executed successfully.
1. [3-networks](https://github.com/terraform-google-modules/terraform-example-foundation/blob/master/3-networks/README.md) executed successfully.

> 1. Obtain the value for the access_context_manager_policy_id variable. Can be obtained by running `gcloud access-context-manager policies list --organization YOUR-ORGANIZATION_ID --format="value(name)"`.

Reviewer: IIRC we are not using service controls?

Reviewer 2: I see access_context_manager_policy_id variable has been taken out, README needs update @jasonbisson
